---
layout: page
title: "Donate to Code for Fort Collins"
permalink: /donate/
categories: organization
date: 2019-02-07 00:00:00
---

### About Us
Code for FoCo is a brigade of Code for America, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization founded in 2009. We organize around the idea of civic engagement and volunteer projects to help improve and support the local government, charities, and other groups dedicated to improving our society. We are local programmers, hackers, and just about anyone that wants to help that came together in 2016 to bring Code for America to Fort Collins.

### Why Donate?
Though we donate our time for free, our group relies on the support of the community around us to help fund our work such asr event and hacknight hosting.

### How to Donate
If you would like to donate to our brigade in order to provide us the necessary tools and resources to help Fort Collins, click the button below to visit Code for America’s donation site, where you can make a donation earmarked for our brigade.

<a href="https://secure.codeforamerica.org/page/contribute/default?brigade=Fort%20Collins" class="btn btn-lg btn--call-to-action">Donate Today</a>

### Other Ways to Help: Sponsorship
If you are interested in going the extra mile, consider sponsoring us for a mention on our website and a closer relationship with our team. Take the first step and
<a href="mailto:sponsors@codeforfoco.org">email us</a> today.

### Code for Fort Collins / Code for America relationship
Code for Fort Collins (CFFC) has signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Code for America. The MOU specifies (among other things) that Code for America will act as a fiduciary for CFFC. This means that CFFC does not exist as an independent legal entity, and uses Code for America for all money matters. Practically that means we raise to them, and then spend seperately, getting reimbursed by them. There are reasonable limits on reimbursable expenses as a bridgade as defined in the MOU.

### More Information About our Cause
- <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Code_for_America">Wikipedia's Code For America page</a>
- <a href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/national/on-innovations/code-for-america-an-elegant-solution-for-government-it-problems/2011/12/16/gIQAXrIu2O_story.html">Washington Post Article on Code For America</a>
- <a href="https://www.codeforamerica.org/about-us">More about Code For FoCo</a>
