---
layout: post
title:  2018 in review, and looking forward to 2019
date:   2019-01-03
author: David Hayes
categories: blog
---
As we start 2019 we'd like to thank everyone for their interest and support of Code for Fort Collins through the years. We're also so grateful for the residents and organizations of Northern Colorado we support and collaborate with.

Code for Fort Collins has seen continued member growth and consistent attendance through 2018. We also built new relationships with organizations and collaborators including Cohere Coworking, Volunteers of America, Homeward 2020, and the Poudre Fire Authority. And we had a party and some conferences to boot.

Our newer active projects are the firefighter service directory and a volunteer matching app. CERP (a data-visualization of polling data) sees continued progress.

Two major projects wrapped up in 2018. They're a Data Dashboard for Homeward 2020 and Solar Scorecard. The successful Homeward 2020 dashboard helps people (like you) better understand the nature of long-term homelessness in the city [link: http://www.homeward2020.org/data-dashboard/­]. After a lot of great Tableau work from our volunteer Gudrun, the project has been handed off to Homeward 2020 to manage future maintenance and updates. The Solar Scorecard project, which helps you track and see solar installations is the city, Solar-Scorecard.org was completed with a flurry of content and design work and is now in maintenance mode.

In addition to project work, we threw a party at Cohere (with Cohere) and Women Who Code of over the summer. Also, this summer I (David) got to visit Code for America's office in San Francisco. And then I was able to attend the Brigade Congress in Charlotte in October. The Brigade Congress was a great chance to meet other passionate volunteers from the 77 brigades across the country and learn about fundraising, project management, the fellowship program, and a whole lot more. (Speaking of fundraising, if you'd like to support us you can do it from this form: https://secure.codeforamerica.org/page/contribute/donate-to-a-brigade-today?source_codes=Brigade-page&brigade=Code%20for%20Fort%20Collins­

With 2018 wrapped up we have many new things planned for 2019. Our goals are to further define the organization and expand our relationship with Northern Colorado and Code for America brigade communities.

Already in progress, organizational roles are being defined to better prepare the organization for growth and stability. Roles are being defined in the Org Git repository. If you are interested in having an organizational role listed there please make your interest known at a meeting, in our Slack, or via email (I'm david@codeforfoco.org).

Also, in 2019 we're hoping to finally work on raising funds for Code for Fort Collins in earnest. As the above link hinted, this will be processed through Code for America who make gifts to us tax-deductible as a 501c3, and serve as our fiduciary. We plan to hold a fundraising event this year and will be seeking out other opportunities. Funds raised this year will be used to hold events and for marketing activities to increase active members. If you would like to assist in fundraising activities please post in the #fundraising Slack channel.

To expand our relationship with the community and market the organization we are searching for speaking opportunities. We'd love to chat about what we do to other non-profits, companies, city council, or anywhere you can think to have us. If you know of any speaking opportunities in Northern Colorado that would be aligned with Code for Fort Collins please let us know.

We will continue in 2019 our two-meetings-a-month cadence. They remain on the first and third Thursdays at 6:30pm at Cohere. (Who we thank here for the generous donation of a home meeting space. For which we are very grateful.) If you have not been to a meeting in a while we would be glad to see you and can update you on any projects you may be interested in helping with.

Thank you all again and we look forward to working with you all this year!

Cheers,

David and Steven, Captains of Code for Fort Collins
